Explain release flavors in README (#1262)
jellyfin/jellyfin-android: README.md

   ```

*You can also replace the "Debug" with "Release" to get an optimized release binary.*

## Release Flavors

> Jellyfin have two flavors of the Android app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two flavors (variants) of the Jellyfin Android app:
```

> - Proprietary version comes with Google Chromecast support
> - Libre version comes without Google Chromecast support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The **proprietary** version comes with Google Chromecast support
- The **libre** version comes without Google Chromecast support
```

> The proprietary version is available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jellyfin.mobile) and [Amazon Appstore](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B081RFTTQ9), while the libre version is available on [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.jellyfin.mobile/). Additionally, we have `beta` releases for both flavors, but it is only published on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jellyfin.mobile).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The proprietary version is available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jellyfin.mobile) and the [Amazon Appstore](https://www.amazon.com/gp/aw/d/B081RFTTQ9), while the libre version is available on [F-Droid](https://f-droid.org/en/packages/org.jellyfin.mobile/).
Additionally, `beta` releases exist for both flavors, but only the proprietary version is published to a beta track on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.jellyfin.mobile).
If you'd like to test the beta outside of Google Play, you can simply download it from the [GitHub releases](https://github.com/jellyfin/jellyfin-android/releases/latest).
```
